  Starting from release 1.1, Argante documentation is generated automatically
  using 'predoc' utility. Predoc can be found in Documentation/ directory. It
  parses Documentation/predoc files, which are supposed to be in the following
  format:

  00x00-name     - ASCII text file with single documentation chapter. 'x'
                    should be changed to reflect chapter order in compiled
                    documentation

  00x00-name.tag - tagfile, format described below

  Only chapters with tagfile present are parsed. Automated index, table of
  contents and chapter numbering is done by predoc utility. Tagfile format:

  @ATAG1@
  I: devel
  I: first
  K: naked chicks
  K: mere mortals
  S: obsolete
  T: How to use a computer
  A: Michal Zalewski <lcamtuf@dione.ids.pl>
  M: Michal Zalewski <lcamtuf@dione.ids.pl>
  V: 1.0
  D: 10/11/2000
  @END@

    (...everything not matching this format is skipped - put comments etc...)

  Lines starting with 'I: ' are describing documentation profiles in which
  this chapter should be included. You can specify as many profiles as you want.
  Currently available set of profiles:

    first       - README.first, a quick guide to Argante
    concept     - README.concept, Advocacy.txt replacement
    devel       - README.devel, developer's guide
    sysprog     - README.sysprog, kernel developer's guide
    ahll        - README.ahll, high-level language programming guide
    assembly    - README.assembly, low-level naguage programming
    admin       - README.admin, administration / services guide
    cluster     - README.cluster, distributed computing guide
    hybrid      - README.hybrid, real-system interaction guide
    examples    - README.examples, bells and whistles
    internal    - README.internal, AOS developer guide, TODOs, buglist, etc
    full        - README or README.full, complete documentation

  'K: ' lines should contain important keywords or keyphrases that should be
  indexed.

  'S: ' line describes status. Allowed status:

    release     - no changes necessary, final version
    draft       - rough draft
    outdated    - outdated, needs to be updated / rewritten
    obsolete    - for bugward compatibility evidence, EXCLUDE FROM BUILD.

  'T: ' line describes chapter title.

  'A: ' line describes author (preferably with e-mail). 'M: ' line describes
  current maintainer (if different than author). 'V: ' describes Argante version
  at the moment of last update of this document. 'D: ' should contain date at
  the moment of last modification. Everything below '@END@' is a comment,
  please keep ChangeLog there.

  Index is put after the last chapter. Table of contents is placed just after
  the first chapter (intro).
